*"Imperium Magicae"*
## History
The Ordo Magi was created by Lady Sortelle Armon 35 years ago in her youth. For part of the organization’s history, it acted in secret. During this time period, they would assist those born with innate magical abilities in the [[Turochan Kingdom Overview|Turochan Kingdom]] on how to safely control their powers. Since their members only included a few trusted individuals at the time, they did not largely impact the rest of the Kingdom. Many of the members during this time, including its former leaders, were caught and executed by the Crown. However, after King Aulus II began to loosen restrictions on having magic users within the [[Turochan Kingdom Overview|Kingdom]], they were able to make themselves known. The group began to focus on convincing others to become less hostile against magic users and show the benefits it could bring to a society. They also were allowed to open the only school dedicated to the learning of magic, though less than 30 people have ever attended. Although restrictions are continuing to loosen, membership into this organization and their school is heavily regulated, with members having reported themselves being under constant surveillance.
## Organization Leaders
### Lady Sortelle Armon
Lady Sortelle Armon was born into the Armon family in the [[Turochan Kingdom Overview|Turochan Kingdom]]. However, she was very different from the rest of her family for one reason: she was born with innate magical abilities. This was a curse in a land where the mere possession of magic was enough to condemn someone to death. Lady Sortelle was forced to keep her abilities a secret, knowing that revealing them could lead to her untimely death.

Despite the danger, Lady Sortelle wanted to learn how to suppress her ability. She began to experiment and practice her abilities in secret until she was able to gain some control over them. Now having control over this ability, she could continue to live her life without fear of persecution or death.

However, as time passed, Lady Sortelle realized that she wasn't alone. There were many people like her who had been born with magical abilities and needed help learning to suppress them. She founded the Ordo Magi, a secret organization dedicated to teaching innate spellcasters how to control their abilities so they could live normal lives. The Ordo Magi was successful in keeping its existence hidden for many years, and its very few members continued on with their lives. Despite their newly found control over their magic, many of the members were eventually discovered and executed by the Crown.
However, everything changed when Aulus II became the king of the Turochan Kingdom. Unlike his predecessors, Aulus II was more open-minded about magic and began relaxing laws about its existence in the Kingdom. This allowed for the Ordo Magi to finally go public. They began to try and persuade the populace that magic was good for society. While some were convinced of this, many still believed that magic was a detriment to their society and should be cast out. As more restrictions were lifted, Lady Sortelle was able to start the only legal place in the nation to study magic. However, this was still done under tight supervision of the Crown. She nowadays mostly stays away from the public out of fear of being attacked by those that despise her.

Within the school, Sortelle acts as the teacher for learning to control and use innate magic such as sorcery. This focuses on how to control innate powers to prevent their accidental use. She also teaches how to use these abilities for the betterment of the Kingdom.

Lady Sortelle Armon is an older human woman in her late 50s. She has tanned, wrinkly skin and both a green and blue eye. Sortelle has very short and curly hair that is pure white. She stands at around 5 ft 4 (1.6 meters), but looks shorter due to her hunched posture. She is most commonly seen wearing well tailored dresses and robes, like most nobles do.
### Augur Cato Elgor
Cato Elgor was not originally from the [[Turochan Kingdom Overview|Turochan Kingdom]]; he was born in the [[Raazhan Dominion Overview|Raazhan Dominion]]. He was shown to be quite a gifted learner of arcane magic, and was an apprentice to a wizard named Corin Rahel. He focused specifically on the research of magic and on using divination. However, the Raazhan Dominion was continuing to lose influence in the region. After his mentor died of old age, Cato felt he had no reason to stay in a dying nation. He saw how the [[Turochan Kingdom Overview|Turochan Kingdom]] was beginning to relax their regulations against magic, and decided to find other gifted students like he was there. He joined the Ordo Magi shortly after his arrival, and became its first member who had learned magic instead of being born with it innately.

Cato Elgor was born in the [[Raazhan Dominion Overview|Raazhan Dominion]], a nation that welcomed the practice of magic. As a child, Cato displayed an exceptional talent for learning arcane magic. He had a natural curiosity for the unknown which led him to becoming the apprentice apprentice to a renowned wizard named Corin Rahel.

Cato spent years under Corin's tutelage, honing his skills and studying the mysteries of magic. He found his love of cataloging research and history of magic while narrowing his study to that of divination. However, as the Dominion was beginning to grow unstable. The nation no longer had control over some of its cities, and Cato feared it could fall apart in the near future. When his mentor died of old age, Cato knew it was time to leave for new horizons.

He heard rumors that the [[Turochan Kingdom Overview|Turochan Kingdom]] was beginning to allow some magical practitioners into the nation. Cato knew there must be so much untapped potential for arcane learners within the nation. After all, generations had gone by where people gifted with the ability to learn like he did were prohibited from doing so. Despite the possible risks that these rumors were false, Cato Elgor sailed off to the [[Turochan Kingdom Overview|Turochan Kingdom]] in hope of finding a new home.

Once he arrived, he quickly found out that the rumors were true. Cato joined the Ordo Magi and became its first member who had learned magic instead of being born with it innately. He was eager to share his knowledge of the arcane with new gifted pupils, and began to work with Lady Sortelle in finding such individuals within the Kingdom.

Cato Elgor teaches how people can learn to use magic within the school. He also acts as the main archivist for the small collection of books on magical knowledge the organization possesses.

Cato is a (FELINE FOLK) male in his early 30s. He has short, black fur and piercing yellow eyes. Cato also possesses a short beard, which has multiple braids and beads running through it. He normally wears loose but nice clothing along with hats.
### Master Livian Orthun
Livial Orthun was originally born in [[Virston]]. Here he became an expert craftsman and non-magical artificer. Due to his incredible skill, he was chosen by [[Turochan Kingdom Overview#The Registran|The Registran]] to personally craft items for them. Here, he was allowed to learn how to magically enchant items, as long as he swore to never spread this knowledge to others and only craft items for [[Turochan Kingdom Overview#The Registran|The Registran]]. Here he helped in making devices to counter mages and make their weapons and armor more durable. As King Aulus began to relax laws against magic, Livian was allowed to create different magic items and sell them to approved recipients. He is the newest member of the Ordo Magi with a high ranking position.

Livian Orthun's life began in [[Virston]], where he was born and raised. As a young man, he discovered his talent for craftsmanship and became an expert non-magical artificer. He honed his skills and gained a reputation for creating high-quality items that were both beautiful and functional.

Eventually, Livian's talents caught the attention of [[Turochan Kingdom Overview#The Registran|The Registran]], who chose him to join the ranks of their personal craftsmen. This was a great honor for Livian, as [[Turochan Kingdom Overview#The Registran|The Registran]] was known for being very selective in their choice of artisans. Under the guidance of his new peers, Livian learned the art of magically enchanting items. However, he was sworn to secrecy and could only use this knowledge to craft items for [[Turochan Kingdom Overview#The Registran|The Registran]].
Livian's talents proved to be invaluable to [[Turochan Kingdom Overview#The Registran|The Registran]], especially when it came to creating devices that could counter mages. Livian was able to make weapons and armor that were more durable and effective against magical attacks. He also assisted in the creation of charms that warded off attempts to charm or frighten its wearer. However, Livian always felt his talents were restrained by the policies of the Crown.

As King Aulus began to relax laws against magic, Livian was granted more freedom to create different types of magic items and sell them to approved recipients. However, he was judged by his peers for this choice. Eventually, he was pressured to leave the Registran and decided he could teach what he learned at the Ordo Magi. Master Livian Orthun became the last of the main three teachers within the Ordi Magi to join the organization.
## Goals and Accomplishments
### Destigmatize Magic
The main goal of the Ordo Magi since the relaxation of laws against magic users has been to destigmatize the use of magic in any way. They accomplish this in a number of ways. Something they often focus on is showing the populace exactly how magic can be used as a positive in society; whether it be to help in advancing technology or protecting the common citizen. They also use their political power to try and persuade those in higher society, such as nobles.

So far, the Ordo Magi has been successful in making some of the population be less afraid of magic. Around half of citizens within the largest cities of the nation have been shown to either be neutral or for the use of magic. However, their influence has not yet reached many of the smaller towns throughout the Kingdom. There, a large majority of people still are adverse to the policies of the new king.

The organization has been able to persuade a few noble families to switch their support for the use of magic, including the Armon family the organization’s founder comes from. Doing this has led to less pressure on the king from the nobles for his radical policies.
### Teaching the Next Generation
A secondary goal of the organization is to train those who either have innate magical abilities or promise to learn such abilities within their school. They have been successful in creating the only legal institute for learning magic, though it is heavily restricted. Admission into the school is very tight; while current regulations in the [[Turochan Kingdom Overview|Turochan Kingdom]] allow for them to teach, it only allows for a very small number of students to be admitted every year. Because of this, only those with the most promise are admitted. Those that attend the school are taught how to properly use their abilities in a way that would benefit the Kingdom.
## Establishments
### Constitio Mystica Prodigorium
This main facility is also known as the Institute of Mystical Prodigies. This is a small campus located within the city of Velus surrounded by high stone walls. Due to many attempted break-ins by their adversaries, the compound hires private guards to ensure the safety of their students and faculty. Overall, the establishment is quite small; the walls surround an area of only a few thousand square feet (few hundred square meters). Inside is one medium-sized building connecting to an eight story tower. The outside of the building contains shrubbery, planters of flowers, and some seating areas.

A majority of the school within the building is inside of the large tower. The tower contains multiple classrooms, a dormitory, areas for meals and recreation, and practice rooms. For the safety of the students, they mostly remain within the facility at all times. However, they have some specialized days where they can explore the rest of the city with supervision.

The building connected to the tower contains a few different rooms: offices, the archive, some miscellaneous and storage rooms, and a larger assembly hall. Generally, the three faculty members of the school do not spend the night there, unless they are working on a project and plan not to sleep.

The Institute divides its students into three categories which are taught by one of the three leaders of the Ordo Magi. Lady Sortelle Armon is the head of the Inherited Magic program. This includes any students who were born with magical abilities or obtain them without learning them, such as sorcerers. Augur Cato Elgor specializes in teaching someone magical abilities, such as wizards. 

While the Institute remains the only legal place of magical learning in the Kingdom, it still has to follow a long list of restrictions. Limitations on how many students they can admit every year means they have to be incredibly selective on who they allow in. While these limits have gotten less strict over the past few years, it’s only an improvement from around 4 people to 8. In total, the Institute can have no more than 30 students at a time.